capital = 44
oob = "ISI_1936"
set_research_slots = 2

set_oob = "ISI_1936_nsb"
set_oob = "ISI_1936_air_legacy"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	old_power
	impending_mutiny
	poor_population
}

recruit_character = ISI_roman_polivka
recruit_character = ISI_luda_korostina
recruit_character = ISI_aleksandr_malishev
recruit_character = ISI_artem_naygolnow
recruit_character = ISI_nikita_bananow
recruit_character = ISI_ruslan_usherbnii
recruit_character = ISI_dan_scala
recruit_character = ISI_lesha_neprixod
recruit_character = ISI_nikita_xyida
recruit_character = ISI_valera_redan
recruit_character = ISI_vlad_student
recruit_character = ISI_irina_kovid
recruit_character = ISI_vlad_neprilotov
recruit_character = ISI_danil_proxorod
recruit_character = ISI_ivan_chain
recruit_character = ISI_dima_volkov
recruit_character = ISI_artem_koko
recruit_character = ISI_tox_gandon
recruit_character = ISI_aleksey_morda
recruit_character = ISI_daria_nuxclei
recruit_character = ISI_nikolai_zurov
recruit_character = ISI_andrei_amoral
recruit_character = ISI_aleksandr_voitenko
recruit_character = ISI_nasta_vodka
recruit_character = ISI_pavel_pandora
recruit_character = ISI_dima_groznov
recruit_character = ISI_iaroslavna_upala
recruit_character = ISI_danil_minenko
recruit_character = ISI_veronica_vedma
recruit_character = ISI_nikita_muziko





set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 70
	fascism = 10
	democratic = 10
	communism = 10
}

set_stability = 0.50

create_operative_leader = {
        name = "ISI_dima_volkov"
        GFX = GFX_portrait_alexander_rado
        traits = { operative_natural_orator }
        bypass_recruitment = no
        available_to_spy_master = yes
        nationalities = {  ISI SOV LUX   }
    }